it does not do quite well and it does
and it's a lot of fun and fun
of course if things are going well
it just just makes a lot
It's all pretty easy
the hand and that's why I'm happy
even first then only then
Munich
I've since then I'm just as easy
and parallel slalom is what we are
actually always requires very convenient
has and so I got what I to
people or very good show
can and of course I also good
will cut off and you are
free of complaints and healthy and fit he
So we fit again today
quite a load on the back and
get my knee and now you go
a bit tough today but tomorrow
will be good again what are they
Seasonal goals is still the
world championship in Schladming then where
it's the high points now
now at the beginning of the year and of course
Once the new year munich it
A spectacular for us depends on it
January is actually like that
salomon has the whole highlight
bring days
adelboden kitzbühel that will be natural
again something special and
then clear the world championship in
schladming
I think that this world championship
which is one of the most beautiful possible
probably each has been given by
the mood
the Austrians as clear are whole
crazy and and I'm looking forward to it
a few very much to this year has one
world championship have the austrians
the pressure I have with a parcel
getting stuck during the planning process
also quite demanding so the
ball goes pretty fast to the point
but we know
the best skiers in the world
and we should be on the toughest
and most demanding can hang with it
one has even madonna again
That was really a mental thing
repaired and as well as very well
works as that's why I am
positive